Add Transfer Learning Tutorial (#462)
Oneflow-Inc/oneflow-documentation: en/docs/cookies/transfer_learning.md

> # Transfer Learning in Computer Vision

Reviewer: @khloe-zhang 这篇文章我读了一遍，感觉有些地方可能过于直译，所以不符合英语习惯。比如主动的句式过多 （“we ...”）。不过我的感觉可能是错的。

请雨珊周一 review 一遍，留下 comments 吧。

Reviewer 2: 好的，review完成了，修改了几处表达。关于“we”，我感觉在独立的短句里可以改为物做主语或被动句，让句子更加精简；但在较长的段落中，或者假定了某种操作情景时，“we”可以保留，用于指代动作的执行人，让语义更加清晰，而无需全部改为被动句。

Reviewer 3: 已完成修改，感谢迟哥和雨珊提出的修改意见

> In this tutorial, we will introduce the fundamentals of transfer learning and show an example of the use of transfer learning in the field of computer vision.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This tutorial introduces the fundamentals of transfer learning and shows an example of the use of transfer learning in the field of computer vision.
```
个人感觉，这种相对较短、比较独立的句子，可以改用物体做主语（this tutorial），显得比较精简、客观

Reviewer 3: 收到，已修改

## Introduction of Fundamentals

**Transfer Learning**, is a method of transferring knowledge learned from a source dataset to a target dataset.

> As we all know, supervised learning is a fairly common training method for deep learning models, but it requires a large amount of labeled data to achieve good results. When we want to apply a model to a specific task, we usually cannot obtain a large amount of labeled data due to the cost. If we directly train on such small-scale data, it is easy to cause overfitting. Therefore, transfer learning is one of the ways to solve this problem.

Reviewer 2: 这里的we没有改，因为这段假定了一个情景且文字较长，必须要有“人”作主语来完成动作，所以保留了we

Reviewer 3: 收到

For example, in the common image classification task in the field of computer vision, the general image classification model can be divided into two parts: feature extractor (or called backbone network) and classifier (or called output layer). Feature extractors are generally multi-layer networks such as Convolutional Neural Networks, and classifiers are generally single-layer networks such as fully connected layers. Since the categories of different classification tasks are generally different, classifiers are usually not reusable, while feature extractors are usually reusable. Although objects in the source dataset may be very different, or even have no connection at all with the target dataset, models pretrained on large-scale data may have the ability to extract more general image features (such as edges, shapes, and textures), which can help effectively identify objects in the target dataset.

Suppose we already have a pretraining model, which can be used in roughly three ways.

> 1. **Initialize the feature extractor with the parameters of the pretraining model, then train the entire model.** For deep learning models, the method of parameter initialization is very important to maintain numerical stability. Improper initialization methods may lead to the problem of gradient explosion or gradient disappearance during training. If a pretraining model is used for initialization, the rationality of the initial values of the model parameters can be guaranteed to a large extent, allowing the model to "win at the starting line".

Reviewer 3: 收到，已修改

2. **Train the entire model, but use a smaller learning rate for the feature extractor and a larger learning rate for the classifier.** The pretrained feature extractor has been fully trained, so only a small learning rate is required; while the parameters of the classifier are usually initialized randomly, and it needs to be learned from scratch, so a large learning rate is required.

3. **Fix the parameters of the feature extractor and only train the classifier.** This is generally efficient and fast if the categories of the target dataset happen to be a subset of the source dataset.

## The Example of Transfer Learning

> In this section, we will use ResNet-18 as feature extractor for image classification task on [CIFAR-10 Dataset](http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~kriz/cifar.html)

Reviewer 3: 收到，已修改

Define the training function:
```python
def train_model(model, train_data_loader, test_data_loader, loss_func, optimizer):
    dataset_size = len(train_data_loader.dataset)
    model.train()
    for epoch in range(NUM_EPOCHS):
        for batch, (images, labels) in enumerate(train_data_loader):
            images, labels = images.to(DEVICE), labels.to(DEVICE)
            preds = model(images)
            loss = loss_func(preds, labels)
            optimizer.zero_grad()
            loss.backward()
            optimizer.step()

            if batch % 100 == 0:
                print(f'loss: {loss:>7f}  [epoch: {epoch} {batch * BATCH_SIZE:>5d}/{dataset_size:>5d}]')
    
        evaluate(model, test_data_loader)
```

Define the evaluation function with the accuracy rate as the evaluation metric:
```python
def evaluate(model, data_loader):
    dataset_size = len(data_loader.dataset)
    model.eval()
    num_corrects = 0
    for images, labels in data_loader:
        images, labels = images.to(DEVICE), labels.to(DEVICE)
        preds = model(images)
        num_corrects += flow.sum(flow.argmax(preds, dim=1) == labels)

    print('Accuracy: ', num_corrects.item() / dataset_size)
```

> We can implement the three methods mentioned above by passing in the corresponding parameters need optimized to the optimizer.

Reviewer 3: 收到，已修改
